The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better
Hello everybody welcome to my brother my brother and me if I show for the modern era, I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
I'm your middlest brother Travis McElroy, and I'm Griffin. Hey guys. Hey guys. Hey guys
Remember when we were kids?
Yeah, and Publishers Clearinghouse
Like people would win, you know, like a million dollars to get a big check who delivered those checks
What who delivered those checks on Publishers Clearinghouse? Yeah, and McMahon
Ed McMahon never worked for Publishers Clearinghouse
And like I just found this out seconds before we started recording that it's just like a huge Mandela effect
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Mm-hmm. No, it's Ed McMahon from Publishers Clearinghouse
It was not Ed McMahon Justin Ed McMahon briefly worked for a competitor called America's Publishing House
But never worked for Publishers Clearinghouse
Even though in there like clips from TV shows where the people on the TV shows were like it was Ed McMahon
He just called I've won the Publishers Clearinghouse. Are you fucking with me? I am NOT fucking with you. Justin. Is it okay?
I remember remembering now and first of all, most of our young listeners are 12
And so they used to just come to people's doors with a big check and then like some balloons for some reason
Yeah, like if they came to my door like hey, you're a millionaire and here's some balloons
I would the balloons would not even I would not clock those the balloons for the kids
this is Mandela effect like the Berenstain Bears and
All the all of I can't think of another for some reason people there are some people who think Sinbad was in the Kazam movie
And it was called Shazam or something and it's like no that was Shaq, but I don't that one's never that one
I don't subscribe to cuz I'm not dumb dumb
But anyway, they used to just come to your door and give you money
I don't think you had to put your name in
Sometimes Ed McMahon would just roll up to your house and be like here's a boy
But it wasn't a man is actually Vince McMahon and he would show up and be like you got some money for you
and then when you took the check it's stone-cold Steve Austin would come and he would punch the check in half and you punch your
Neck in half and then and then he would get in your house and he would just take whatever he wanted. Oh Griffin
I'm sorry. I actually just looked at it wasn't Vince McMahon
It was Vince Vaughn and he would show up with Jon Favreau
And they would say like your money baby. Yeah, you got so much money and you don't even know it
Yeah, but there's a lot of like wrestling jokes we could make if we did go with my one
I know but I can keep going with the swingers thing if you want, but actually, you know
What people thought that Vince McMahon was funnier. So that's like a Mandela effect, too
Oh my god, they're so weird. And you know how people used to think that Cheerios were called yummios
That's a Mandela. That's a Mandela effect. This shit freaks me out
It freaks me out too. It also freaks me out
I think it's kind of bullshit that like we're just now discovering that Nelson Mandela
acted like he was doing all sorts of good stuff, but really he was like
He's just a dirty dog all your memories
Fucking everything up. Well, yeah, he built that alternate universe switcheroo machine
Yeah, and then it's like this. Do you guys know about the thing in Star Wars?
Go on the line
Groom been groomed been grim in Star Wars. It's like it's clobbering time
Yeah, that's right up the he actually never said that he said it's clubbering time
That's the little thing the Darth Vader part where you think he says
Luke I am your father spoiler really but really the real line that he says it's lightsaber time bitch. Yeah
Yeah, I didn't know that I don't like repeating that I don't say that word like ever but it's but he that is what he
He looks up at him. He's like my father's not like you and then Darth Vader is like, whatever whatever
Yeah, a lot of people there's a lot from Star Wars that people forget about like
Yeah, the one scene where a lot of you will think Obi-Wan Kenobi says like this lightsaber belong to your father
Yeah, he says it saves time dingus. Yeah
Stands next to Luke and there is rewatch it tonight
There's a 10-minute sequence with where Luke is like trying to find the on switch
Yeah, Obi-Wan Kenobi's just like blaze it blaze it. Yeah, he's that shit and blaze it blaze it
And then there's a part where Jabba
penis
Is McClunky please his McClunky is just like out. Yeah, and but and you see and you think about that
You're like that can't be real Mandela effect and it's funny what our brains can do
Yeah, cuz Han keeps tripping on the penis
He does trips on it and he falls in the starlac mouth and dies and a lot of people get that to a lot of people
Don't remember that. Do you remember in Casablanca? He never says played against them
It's just doing Sam started. He yells. That's my fucking jam. Yeah
Hey play my joint Sam. I think the line is he just goes up to Sam. He's like Sam
Please play it for daddy, but we think that's so stupid. So I'm going to like, you know, it'd be a way more
Hey, what's up Griffin? It's me Nelson Mandela inside your brain, you know, it'd be a more badass line and he twists it up on me
Yeah, the actual line he says doesn't amount to hello beans
Which sucks cuz I fucking love beans and like people always cut off that last part in their brains
Cuz they forget about that long
Really long sequence of him just eating a bunch of beans
A lot of people think a lot of people do think Justin go ahead. No you go ahead
No, I was following I was trying to like enhance yours. No, please go ahead
Well, I was gonna be a pivot out
So if you've got a chunky one, go ahead and let it fly which is the classic line from Sandlot
Yeah that James Earl Jones
He's taunting the kids from over the fence. He's picking up over the fence. Like will it Wilson is
Have you got a chunk you on let it fly
He's actually standing on the other side of the glove and has been for the past few months
He's the one they crank one. A lot of people remember the dog catching it in his mouth
It was James Earl Jones caught it in his mouth and in gone with the wind
Everybody thinks guys my witness. I'll never go hungry again. But really what happens is the wind
Blows all the food out of the yes, and she said I got the monkeys like a motherfucker
Yeah, and then they they don't have any more food cuz it's gone with the wind and so she's like get back here with the
Wind but then they go to subway. Yeah
And you know how everybody thinks eat fresh was the subway line. Well, that one's that one's right
Oh, sometimes your brain's not playing tricks on you
That's when it's the weirdest a lot of people think that this used to be an advice show that we actually did advice
No, when show point to win point to win send me a clip of win. We did this
I'll wait I
Couldn't find it. I did it. Yeah, but I couldn't couldn't find anything
Let's start. Let's turn it over a new leaf and try to hang people
This is an advice show if you have an actual advice query that we could help you with
Mb mb am at maximum fun.org is our email address. It's important. We give that out every four years or so
Yeah, cuz we I don't know. I bet we see an influx. You're just sitting around you're like, hey
I got it. I need some help and we'll help you. It's not a problem. I don't mind. I like doing it
I like doing it
Contrary to the evidence of the past few hundred episodes. I like doing it. I do like doing it
My favorite Korean sandwich place gives out punch cards
For every ten items purchased you get a free sandwich. I've been collecting full punch cards for years
Some have been gifts when I even found on the street nice
I'm leaving town soon and I want to claim my free sandwiches as soon as possible
But I'm scared of being recognized as having received a free sub the day before
What do I do if that happens? I have about six parts left. That's from nervous sandwich eater in, Nebraska
I mean you got to roll in and get all your sandwiches at once. Yeah, you do this every if you come in for a free
Sando every day, they're gonna get pretty annoyed and pioed with you
Come in once and you're like seven sandals, please
Then it's always over and done with us. We need to hey, we need to as a society
Start thinking more about whether or not employees are paid commission or not
And I think that that will lighten up a lot of these concerns for you five o'clock
They're going home no matter if you take all the bread and feed it to ducks outside right and then walk out
They're going home at five this person at this good. They're getting paid the same amount
Almost certainly and and here's the thing
It's not like you've conned the system these punch card the punches only come when you buy a sandwich
So they knew when they established this punch card deal. They knew what they were getting into that
They were like, yeah ten. We are charging ten percent more than we should per sandwich. You bought it
You already bought those sandals. That's what I
It's been paid for you gotta give it gotta give credit though
I I can never keep track of a punch card long enough to fill it out
I don't actually understand why you didn't redeem
You know, that's true because you buy enough sandwiches
To refill those which means you could have used some of those
To get free the sandwiches you paid for to get the punches on the card. Yeah, why didn't you redeem it?
You should have redeemed it. Were you saving it for like I'm gonna I need to feel like I've
Really achieved something today. Today's a free sandwich day, right that when they're like, that'll be I don't know like $8
And you're like, no it won't and it's just like I need to know that the universe is on my side for this one today
Get those sandwiches nobody cares nobody there. It cares. Nobody there is gonna get mad at you. This is you're overthinking it
Go get those sandals and eat them all in one sitting in front of them
You're overthinking it by the way
We need to be careful because we could put ourselves out of business
By just having that each episode is now five minutes long because we can answer 75% of questions with you're overthinking it
You're thinking it just like, you know, go get some sandwiches. Yeah. I mean, I don't know what to say
I mean, why didn't you redeem them? You could invest in some no
Why didn't you redeem them? You should have done this so long when you fill one up
you
You're hooked on the sense of achievement. You gotta let yourself
Luxuriate your spoils you worked hard for those ten punches. Go get your free sandwich. There's nothing more delicious
except a little pepperoncini unless I
Don't know Trav, I don't know. Okay, here's Trav
I don't I don't want to break ten years of tradition, but I don't unless
you're gonna get five friends and
You're all gonna go in and each one is one by one gonna get the sandwich
Right, and then what you're all gonna step outside and then they're gonna hand the other five sandwiches to you now
It is important because this is the prestige the employees need to see this happen and they're like, oh
They got us
We fell for the oldest trick in the book. Well cuz now it feels like you tell me now how that's better
Because now it's a it's a bit now and it's a thing and you think that's people working at quiz nose one is
Korean quiz
when a sketch everybody likes to feel like they were part of something I guess so and then
Garcia Andy Garcia joins in in like the third one, you know what I mean?
Like he wants to be part of it too. Actually Travis it that doesn't happen to oceans
Andy Garcia is not even in them. Holy shit. It's cherry. It's cherry Garcia his sister Carlos Mincy. Oh
Oh Carlos would see a place the bad guy in all of the oceans movies, but it's not the same character
Oh, really? Yeah, Carlos Mencia plays different bad guy characters throughout it. So
Can I do a wizard?
Can you I guess I'm gonna do a wizard now Ben can't sent this one in. Thank you
Ben crushing it has always it is how to win and I love you more argument. Oh, thank God
um, which is also my favorite line from Star Wars where Leia is like, I love you and he's like
I love you. I love you the maximum amount, baby
And then he gets frozen. Yeah, how do you win? I love you. You more argument
It turns out that there are a ton of ways. You just have to get creative here
We'll share some sweet and sassy comebacks that will make your SO admit defeat
Read on to come out on top the next time you hear I love you more. I'm just glad that this
Articles finally acknowledging the truth, which is the love is a competition
Yeah, as our things all as a battlefield, but that's a different thing
And a flower a rose with thorns. That's so true Griffin
Okay, so I number one. I love you the most dazzle them with a word. That's even better than more a child wrote this one
What's up where that's better than more a dish additional even more fine. I love you incrementally
Atop your love. I double dog. Love you
I have the ultimate level of these are more suggestions for I love you the most
I have the ultimate level of love for you. My love for you is unparalleled
I love you more than what's humanly possible all of us. Okay. Okay, stop. Yeah, you're a human. Yeah, you're a human you can't rare
I love you. I got dog love for you, which is more than human love
It's a special love my love for you who's exceeded maximum recommended settings. Yeah, I'm terrified
I'm burning up inside I because of the love I have for you my processing units just can't handle it. Oh god
Oh god, I need a doctor
For how much I love fuck cuz I got a bad case of love in you like the song says but mine's serious cuz I could
I I could you ever thought about that. Maybe it's two different statements and he's saying dr. Doctor
Give me the news and then also doctor. I've got a bad case of loving you
So it seems like he knows the news. He has his diagnosis. Yeah, that's this that's the score
But his this kind of WebMD like he just like googled it and the doctors probably got you're like the third dude today. I
Think about you day and night say you're totally smitten to be 100% victorious. Here's some suggestions even after all this time
I'm absolutely obsessed with you. You're on my mind 24-7. I totally adore you
I'm head over heels for you every second of the day
Some of these are starting to send a little bit
less of a I love you more competition and more something one might find in the journal of
Someone that needs some help like you know, I mean like a killing guy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah, I think about you day and night. I'm so obsessed with you. I like even after all this time
I'm absolutely obsessed with you
Acknowledging that times ravages should have reduced my love for you at this point
Even though I know all the horrible shit about you and how terrible you are like 40% of the time
I'm still pretty obsessed with you. I frequently forget to eat poop and sleep
Because of the way where the commas go in there Griffin. I
Gross I love you to the moon and back declare your loves out of this world to win your silly fight
Tell them that there's nothing on earth that compared to how you feel about them. You'll make them swim with your adoring words
Suggestions you're my moon and stars. You're the Sun in my life. My love for you is out of this world
When you say you're my moon and stars, what does that mean?
Because it's not like on a normal basis you the moon and stars are so very important to every individual
That my love for you has replaced your love for the moon and stars. No, I think it's saying quite literally and
It's stupid because you know what my moon and stars is the moon and stars. Yeah, there's they're great
Yeah, they're up there every night doing it. I'm just saying that there's a way you could say like you're my bread
Right. I love bread. You're the blood in my body and I do need that
I don't know that I love my blood though. I'm saying like I'm making an optional choice. Okay, your blood is great
I got amazing blood
But if I say like I love you more than I love
detective plus weird consultant procedural shows and
That's a lot means something that means something
You're gonna be here's where we really start to get into it. You're gonna be my number one for an eternity
Eternity tell them you'll always be their biggest fan to win them over bring up words like eternity forever or endless
It'll be unmistakable that you'll always be there for your SO. I don't want a fan
I place you above everything else. I worship you. You will always come first. Your happiness is my biggest priority, babe
Gross, babe, babe forever, babe
We'll never die
Hey shit that like 15 year old Travis said because he thought it was romantic. This is gross, but it's getting there, isn't it?
You try this out you think about this Mandela effect
Your brain is like that sucks, but really is good if Teresa said to me. I'm your biggest fan
Forever that is eternity for eternity for an endless forever. No. Thank you. I will Travis Travis. Hey real quick
I worship you. I worship you eternally. Well, I appreciate that guys
Definitely uneven as far as our yolks go. I place you above everything else Travis forever and for eternity
That is putting a lot of pressure on me as your brother, but I really appreciate it
And I also know frankly I can rise to that challenge
If I had to choose, but I'm not married to you guys here
Let me try this next one if I had to choose the best part of my life
It'd be you kissy face emoji con. Well, you're right about that
They say they're say they're a gift so they'll melt and admit defeat say that just their presence is the highlight of their life
What?
Your presence is the highlight of your life. That's great. That's actually pretty meaningful
I can I just say this whoever was written this article also does not know how to win and I love you more
Competition because the way that you win I would argue is for your partner to be the one who loves you more like I love
you more
If you love the other person more you've lost right? Yeah, so if they're like, I love you. I love you more good
Wow, I appreciate that. That's great. That's great for me. Yes
Check me. Oh, sorry. I'm sorry. I don't love you as much as you love me, but I'm over here
But I'm about by loving it. Yeah, I appreciate hey awesome
Cuz I know how much I love you. Yeah, and if you're more than that fuck
Yeah, dude, or you could get really but her about it just back. Wow. I thought I love you the most but fuck me
I guess yeah, I guess I'm the asshole because I'm the real big butthole. I got proof. I love you more
I bought you a ps5 be over the top and give them a gift to come out on top in your quote-unquote fight
This is a great call for a special milestone like their birthday or an anniversary
Use a thoughtful gift as evidence for how much you adore them
Now you do you have to sit on that gift for a while?
You're like I have the okay. I've bought the ps5 now to get into an I love you more. I love you
I love you, too. Fuck damn fuck. Damn it. Are you sure you don't how much?
What how much do you love me what he why why are you asking you that?
Quantify it fight me. Just compare it to my love for you. Come on. It'll be fun
I don't want to do that. I love you. I love you, too. What are you fucking afraid of?
Challenge me, but come on put yourself out there
Here's some suggestions. It's obvious. I love you more. Just check out the package on your doorstep
I think these concert tickets show. I love you more. I blow I blow your love out of the park
I booked us a trip to Maui. I like wow
The tents in that one sounds a lot like they're doing a little bit of roleplay
Like oh, yeah. Well my love I blow your love out of the park. I cast
Trip to Maui
It's a critical. I wish I've been there when this kid was like, what do you what do people where's a romantic place?
I'm a we I guess
That sounds a little bit like whilst in the middle of the argument
I've pulled up like Expedia or something on my phone and it's like oh, yeah
I just but it's like you booked us a trip without talking to me for it. Like how much did you spend?
I'm busy that week. What if I was busy? I can't go don't get mad cuz I played my trap card
We're going to Maui you lose good day, man
You lose all the dictionaries in the world wouldn't have enough words to describe my love
If you're left speechless say words can't express all your love
Let them know that there's no way you could tell them how much you love them
Even if you had all the phrases for love at your fingertips, if you're with each other in person
Give your SO a hug to really seal the deal
I love you flubity blubity. Yeah, I run out of breath if I listed all the ways I love you
So what you want me to die Sheila? Come on, that's very selfish of you
All the books come on it take more than a lifetime to share everything. I love about you
So do not ask me to because we will both be dead at the end of it
A trillion. Here's another one a trillion poems couldn't capture how much I love you
You really use impressive numbers like
100 a million or a
Thousand to express that you can't qualify all your love. Do they know that those three are not in order of size a
Hundred poems couldn't capture how much I love you. That's not
Really that impressive. There's a grip of poems out there. Also almost certainly not true
Right, like this is that when you get into that like all these poems couldn't express how much I love you
It's like I don't know me. I'm like one you haven't even tried good poems
Like there's a lot of poems even that if it was just like roses are red violets are blue
You're really great. Like I okay cool. Yeah, nice man. Like I love you a lot
That's all you're expressing this whole time. Like you're not rewriting anything
Yeah
And a lot of poems and a lot of people don't know this but I'm married to a poet and she has taught me a lot
about this stuff is that some poems aren't even about loving someone and some of them are about like
Like a big strong baseball player and get this they don't even have to rhyme
Which I think is absolute horseshit cuz that's just a story at that point, right?
But a bad story where I didn't fill in all the details. I just said a bunch of phrases together and you're like
Oh the imagery like yeah, but like how tall was he? We don't know. Yeah, I didn't put it in the story, right?
Yeah, you know, I was actually I was referencing Casey at the bat there
But then I forgot that at the end he does strike out. So like he's what spoilers
He's not actually Star Wars and Casey at the bat. He's not a good baseball players. I'm saying he's a big strong idiot
Well, hold on fuck you Griffin
Even the best baseball player doesn't have like a one-point like batting average everybody misses sometimes
This was an important homer for him. So he's not clutch. He can't handle the pressure doesn't mean he's not a good baseball player
I'd like to see you try Casey's up there every day at the bat putting the work in
Yeah, and here you are doing it. Are we finally are we finally talking about Casey? Yeah, man
Okay, we've been putting it off for a decade, but let's fucking get this dude
Why? Okay, the poem is about a guy that tries to hit baseball
It's so hard. And it's so important that he hits it. Oh my god. It's so important. They really need him to hit it
Yeah, it's like and he swings his great power and he misses. Only on the third one though
The first two he lets go by and says not my style and like I didn't want to hit it. What an asshole
right, and then he chunks it and he doesn't do it and like
everyone this is how things went in the 1900s or
Late 1880s
Then he did it and everybody's like fuck. Yeah
This is my favorite poem ever. Yeah, I'm gonna keep
Bringing this up
Go to my friends and be like guys. I just read the fucking cool
It's oh
It's about a guy who doesn't swing at a baseball a couple times and then he does and misses and bums
Everybody out and I think it's the best poem I've ever read
Yeah, someone must have I think it's Melville right but somebody must have gone to him been like hey one note
Great poem and love the poem all the baseball stuff. Love it one note. What if he hit it at the end?
What if he hit it at the end and the last line was like and he cranked it
Everybody was so jazzed and they went and had a great afternoon
No, it's Ernest Thayer and it's like what if even the other team's fans were like Casey did a great job. Damn Casey
Okay, he swings at the first pitch two notes
He swings at the first pitch and totally nails it and everyone's like, oh, thank god
And then if you want maybe it's not like a walk-off from him and you can change it be like he hits it
They're up by two. It's on base. He gets on base or something. And then the next guy strikes and then Jamison comes to bat
Yeah, call it Jamison at the bat. Let's see
we call it the name of the poem is now Jamison cranks that shit after Casey puts up an impotent single and
Maybe Jamison really cranks it but what's this? Oh the player will call him
We'll call him doing doing just like really leaps in the air like a nine-foot leap
It's tremendous catches it out of the air. Yeah, right. So now it's like oh everybody did a great job
Everybody did a great job doing especially swimming in tush. Oh
Yeah, there could be four or five more stanzas and that's like and then yeah, maybe they go into overtime
They're tied. Oh and the game never ends. Yeah, everybody's swimming in tush by the end everyone's swimming
That's the only way they can get him to stop playing
They just call it and you can have all the tush you want. There are two different towns in America
That claim to be the real mud. Why would you want to be that loser-ass town sucks?
Why do you want to be this beat down shitty town?
Yeah, where the biggest thing you got going is a dude lost at baseball and got no tush. That's us. We're the tush less town
Alright, we're the ones where it happened or didn't happen
You could give up and respond
I know in the argument by soaking up your SO's love get a little cocky and say you're already totally aware
They adore you. It's a great way to stop them in their tracks and make them laugh suggestions. Tell me something
I don't know. Okay, sounds good to me. How could you not shrug emoji? Wow. I love you more. You're right. I'm sorry
I'm trying to love you more, but I've just never known how to
I'm the Casey at the battle of love
I'm trying to swing away and I keep missing and this won't for sure get you broke up with let's just agree
We love each other equally. You're not really arguing
The truth is truce is still pretty cute remind them that love doesn't have to be a battlefield even though
We have spent the last 10 tips
Demanding that love be a battlefield focus on what really matters your feelings for each other and celebrate that you're both completely in love
Suggestions, why don't we call it even we're both a hundred percent in love. I don't want to argue. Let's just call it true
Good. How are you love? I think we should call it a day and just cuddle. I'm not gonna I love you
I love you more. Don't do this. Don't do this. Let's stop and cuddle. I'm not gonna cuddle with you. You're fucking weak
We're driving a good thing to say. Yeah
Okay, come on. No, I'm driving cuddle me if you love me now
If you love me, you'll let go the way you don't cuddle me right now means I love you the most and I will be
Consistently dissatisfied with the level of love that you're giving me. That's the subtext of this whole thing
That's all don't do any of this
Don't do any of this. No, don't do it. No, I love you in a different way. Oh, that's cool
I love you. You may love me more in the way that you love me
But I love you in a very special way like the way a dog loves a person all this
Okay, this is great when when your partner says I love you more you say like are we talking like per?
Pounds it's a ratio thing or is it just like right? We're just doing one for one love comparison
Let's really break this down because I'm about four inches taller than you right? So I would say my love per square inch
Yeah, it might be lower than yours
But still my overall number and by this point they've left the room. They've left you
Yeah, you say I've got 60 pounds on you and that's pure love muscle and I'm not my wiener when I say that
I mean the if you got a 60-pound wiener, oh my god
That's my favorite stanza and Casey at the bat where it takes like actually it's like two or three stanzas that talks about like
Every dimension of Casey's wiener. Yeah
where it's like
He's like
Now the leather-bound sphere comes hurtling through the air and did you check out?
This dude's hog
massive hog they keep having to redraw the baselines because as Casey goes from base to base his
normal member just
Dusts it away
It's not just like a physical thickness. It's got a lot of emotional depth as well. It reads to kids
Everything this is one incredible wiener its symbolic weight can actually be measured by physical scales
That's how important this wiener. It's amazing. And maybe he can't close the deal when he needs to
His automobile has a special sidecar for his thing for that dirty thing that damn dirty thing Casey's got
That's it for this article I feel like we did a good job with it. Yeah
I'm glad we could help and I want to help somebody else. I'm not a mom. My thirst is still unslaked. Let's go
What it has to wait. We gotta help ourselves first. Ah
My
Can't tell you guys something
Okay, and I'm sorry. I'm sorry to be bringing this up now my time. My time is valuable
Yeah money. It's my every second. I've done the math
Every second of my life is worth 73 cents and I know that doesn't sound like a lot
But there's a lot of seconds in the day guys
No shit up. Yeah, that's like $14 or something. Yeah, and you know what?
I don't have time to waste at the post office. That's time. I could be making money on
Stocks and bonds and dividends. Yeah. Yeah, right or losing money
Griffin with this market. It's not there Griffin not now. I'm really sorry the market. I've lost my shirt pants underwear
Kidneys a nut in this market. Thanks Nasdaq
more like Nasdaq
Stamps.com saves you time money and stress
Stamps.com gives you access to all the post office and UPS shipping services. You need right now from your
Computer and get discounts. You can't find anywhere else like up to 30% off USPS rates and
86% off UPS now it does say here
Please don't talk about losing a nut on the stock market. Oh fuck. It's not great
Uh, well, they don't want us to be real right like yeah, they said get real
Just don't say the word night at least not in reference to a testicle. Okay. Well, maybe I wasn't oh
Try to prove it. Okay. Plus this calm
Seamlessly works with Shopify Amazon Etsy eBay and more so stop wasting time and start saving money when you use stamps calm to mail
And ship sign up with promo code my brother all one word for a special offer that includes a four-week trial plus free postage
And a digital scale no long-term commitments or contracts
Just go to stamps calm click the microphone at the top of the page and enter code my brother all one word do it
coward
Well, yeah, they didn't say that part I did
You know, you got a fresh look you got a new style and you
Want to reflect that with clothes maybe you're into new things
maybe you've
You're turning over a new leaf
Maybe it's a new page for you. Hmm. Maybe you're in the witness relocation program
Maybe you're in the witness relocation program and all your clothes would give you away to the terrible mafia dots that are
Tracking your every step. Well, all my clothes have trackers set into them Justin and you know that yeah
But so you need some new clothes. What better way to do it than with stitch fix?
They make shopping easy. In fact, you can make the argument that they even do the shopping for you
You tell them your style you tell them the kind of people you're hiding from you tell me your size
How much you want to spend on garments? I would expect I'd say not don't get cheap here. Okay, this is my life
This is your life hanging in the balance and some special occasions that are coming up. Perhaps you're testifying
I don't know what it is. I'm not trying to doxy here. Just stitch fix can help you get set up
They're gonna send you some garments you try them on you see what you think
You keep only the ones you like the ones you don't like you put in this prepaid shipping envelope and you send it right back
To them. No big deal. They're all hand-picked for you. So it's gonna reflect your look and you work with a stylist
It's gonna try to anticipate sort of what they think that you will love
Shipping is free returns exchanges all free and easy
So sign up today at stitch fix comm slash my brother to get $20 off your first purchase
That stitch fix comm slash my brother to get $20 off your first purchase limited time offer purchase within two days of sign up
Hi, I'm Jesse foreign America's radio, sweetheart, and I'm Jordan Morris boy
detective our comedy podcast Jordan Jesse go just celebrated its
15th anniversary. It was a couple months ago, but we forgot
Yeah, completely our silly show is 15 years old
That makes it old enough to get its learners permit and almost old enough to get the talk. Wow
I hope you got to talk before then a lot of things have changed in 15 years our shows not one of them
We're never changing and you can't make us Jordan Jesse go the same forever
At maximum fun org or wherever you get your podcasts
I'm going first. It's me. Jackie cation, man. She's always this bossy
I'm Lori Kilgarten. We're a bunch of stand-up comics and we've been doing comedy like 60 years total
Both of us, but we look amazing
We drop every Monday on max fun and it's called the Jackie Laurie show and you could listen to it and learn about comedy and learn
About anchor management and all the things and Jackie is married, but childless and I'm unmarried
But childless and I'm unmarried but childful. So together we make one complete woman
And we try to make Kyle laugh just like that and say oh my god every episode it's a good job
Jackie and Lori show Mondays only on maximum fun
Now now can we get back to helping yes, I would love this. Yeah, please. Thank you
But let's not help him too much
No, I'm yeah for sure. I don't want to make ourselves obsolete. You know, you know, yeah one unrealistic expectation
Thank you abilities. I'm at the bar and I need to order a beer
Be do eat. Boom. There you go. Easy. Oh wait, they're in America
Fucking guy
I'm ordering a beer to celebrate getting my reports done, but he's distracted
Okay, I'm at the bar and I need that
I don't know who the he is referring to probably the person that was yeah that one you might order a
Drink from I'm at the bar and I need to order a beer to celebrate getting my reports done
But the bartender is distracted watching Austin Powers and seems really into it
Am I legally allowed to interrupt his bliss and not be able to do anything?
I'm at the bar and I need to order a beer to celebrate getting my reports done, but the bartender is distracted watching Austin Powers and seems really into it
Am I legally allowed to interrupt his bliss and order another
That's from chillaxing in Chapel Hill now. I want to talk to you for a second about an interesting
Little thing you've done with your pros here. You made it sound at the beginning
Like you're ready to begin drinking beers
It sounds by the end of the question like you're settling in for another beer
Which one is have you already been enjoying beers Justin or are you a new arrival here?
You got that because I feel like it changes the tenor of your relationship with the bartender
I would say that if you walk in it sounds to me like the first beer was a motivation
To work on the reports, right? This is my root. This is my co-worker now
well
this is a team effort between me and my friend beer and now I finished the reports and now it's time for a
Reward beer which will be perhaps higher gravity
Perhaps now I'm gonna go for a goza. You know what I mean?
I was having a lager before a gozer a gozer. Yeah goes are the goes Aryan indeed
Drink that spooky beer up. I'm gonna I'm gonna let him take over my body and use me as the gatekeeper now
Here's the thing so erotic. I
Also would guarantee I've been to a bar that that's all right. It didn't need to be said it's fine
But I'm thinking it I thought it would be funny, but I don't think it's actually that good
It goes there gets in your body and
Uses you as a vessel. Okay. Well, we all have our feelings about it Griffin
You've made yours clear that when you walked in you got your beer
The bartender said it kind of get you anything else and then you said no and that bartender then
Said to themselves cool back to Austin Powers
mmm
Now it's your turn to re-establish the connection because you said you didn't want anything else
Here's my suggestion. What do you guys think about this?
You're going to laugh maybe a little too hard at the next justifiable joke that one might laugh at
Yeah, you're gonna break
Until they look at you're like, oh laughing this hard sure makes me thirsty
Thirsty. Okay, that's great. That's great. I like Travis. That's actually a good one. Just like
He's proven next to Tom Arnold, that's hysterical good
Why I got your attention over here. I would love a
Big bottle of wine. Yeah, or whatever, you know, whatever you should or if you can get a word in edgewise
You should just order
Eight or nine beers so that you don't have to get them lined up. Maybe a flight
Yeah flight of big beers because I mean you can say like oh I'll get one during the funny poop scene with Tom Arnold
but then like
You're not gonna really have a big window there because the next joke is just gonna come
fast and furious right after and
Either okay either the bartender is watching on DVD, which is a possibility I guess or way more likely it's on TBS
At which point there will be?
Commercial breaks, right? I mean I guess like
Who wants to wait for that?
Tabs on Austin Powers long enough. No, that's the bartender's job is to keep tabs. Yeah
Thank you. God Austin Powers is fucking funny. It's so good
I wish I was watching that instead of this
And I get it man cuz you look away from that for two minutes you're lost in the plot. Yeah, it's going too fast
yeah, it's really doing a balance of like comedy and
Action and there's so much character work that you're like wait
Why does he care about this now?
If this was the love guru you would have plenty of windows to get in there and get the beverage that you need
Yeah, there's some link not that it's not funny
But that it's they give their jokes a little bit more room to breathe in the love guru
Yeah, they don't let you they don't let you get up
It's it's it's funny cuz it's like they said didn't how I married an expert
It's like we're gonna have some jokes, but mostly we're gonna have like a real story here
But you really have to follow and then you got to awesome powers
They're like, you know what we can focus a little bit more on the jokes all the jokes and they're like, you know
Why too many jokes love guru? We're just gonna have a few jokes. What about story? No
No, if so, I mean love gurus got good story in it. Does it Griffin?
Yeah, and and also speaking of the bent average. Did you know that it is a spin-off of?
So married an axe right dead. Yeah, I just can't get enough of that fact in the loosest
Sense in the loosest sense Mike Myers you whatever you think about the quality of the pentaverte
Which is a wild and unassailable
It is wild that Mike Myers did a called shot of late. Do you realize?
Mike Myers laid the mythology out of the pentaverte in
So I married an axe murder wrote the check put it in a Bible put the Bible on a shelf came back 25 years later
Opens the Bible. What's this? Oh, that's right. That definitely makes the Bible
definitely forgot about the Bible and then and then makes the bent average based on the mythology he established and so I made an axe murder
unfathomable unfathomable
Justin I'm sorry
Isn't it more likely that someone maybe Ed McMahon showed up from that Netflix with a giant check and said but we do need you
To give us this an idea right now
Yeah
And he just finished rewatching his own movie because that's what I would do if I was Mike Myers and I'd made so many
Classics God knows I've watched my own TV show. Also. I wish there was I wish the rumor episodes
Just so I had more to watch. Yeah, whatever again, man. We're fucking funny, but then he was like not funny enough or too funny
possible
Pint ever it and they're like sold Mike
So Mike, thanks
Here's your big check. I'm Ed McMahon. Oh
Sorry, I've recently taking up salsa dancing lessons and it's going really well
The only problem is I get very sweaty when doing even the slightest amount of extra. Yes, me too
It makes it particularly awkward when my dance partner has to touch my sweaty self. Plus it doesn't look too graceful
How can I sweat less or at least sweat with style on the dance floor? That's from sizzling salsa boy in Sydney
I mean, I wish I glistened right the sweat the sweat is perfect
It's part of it part of it, but it shouldn't be all of it Justin. It's all of it. It's sensuality
No, but this is the thing justice
There's a difference between him that glistening sheen of sweat right which is what we all strive for all the time
Versus that just like oh is it hot in here like that?
I I did two hours of yard work this weekend and like you would have think I was thrown into a pool by a big
Bully, I I call it work glitter because it's when I'm putting in the work
Yes
You know what?
I mean when I'm putting in the work and I start to glisten with
Possibility of a renewed me that feels better and has more confidence
Like that's my that that I treasure that sweat. I treasure it and for this the
The the sweat is just the sexuality oozing out of all dances sex all sexes dance
This is thank you. This is my theory
That lay it out
You can't think he just said it. No, he said the whole theory
I believe all sexes dance and all dances sex sexes dance salsa dance
Especially the wetter the better people will know
Leave no doubt in their mind when they see how wet you are on that salsa dance floor. So okay ice dancing. That's ice sex
Yes, you're saying yeah, but you don't get that wet
What about the cha-cha? Oh fuck. Yeah, that's sex man
Is a sort of prescribed sex
It's like wait, you guys don't have a caller during your sexual
Exploits. Yeah, who's like no glide to the left and I would be like, that's
Direction possible right now. I decide move
To the left. I'll try it. Whoa, you were right
Whoa, that's why you hired me man. Now follow along
Reverse reverse. I don't know but
Great. Cha-cha real smooth. I do I don't
How I'll try it
Whoa
What about like shaker style dancing that's very like does it give to be sit that kind of I don't think they do a lot
Of dancing in there Justin unless you like I guess they're shaking. Well, they move around a chair. There's a they move around a chair
Oh, no, Griffin, you're thinking of the fuck
Musical chairs is what I was trying to get to just wasn't there
I
remember doing a chair based choreography in elementary school to
Tis a gift to be simple
And think the whole time thinking like this is deeply deeply
erotic I
I
Think anybody who salsa dances and doesn't sweat is a cyber is a cyber person
Yeah, that is and that's fine. You should be able to express your cyber feelings through the art of dance
But you can't beat yourself up if you're not sweating. Yeah, and
You know what next time you're dancing with that partner and they feel that sheen of sweat on you
You just you don't have to say that loud because don't be that person but you can think like you're welcome
I'm in it, right? I'm in it. I'm here. You see my commitment. It's easy. Thank you
It's a good sign. You ain't phoned it in right?
Like I'm literally giving it all I've got if I gave any more I might pass out and every every dry
Dave in that fucking dance for it by looking at you the whole time like I wish I could get that wet
Oh, so who's to say you got to do this salsa dancing in like a big fancy suit or whatever you're wearing
You're getting so warm. Maybe some shorts and nothing else man
I'm that's I'm imagining them in the big talking head suit. Just yeah dancing and just like just just so
Damp all over inside also just don't drink a lot of water for the 48 hours beforehand
So that way you don't have any you don't have any water to sweat baby. This is bad advice. You'll die
No, you can't do that. I mean there's other liquids you can try the one thing I won't joke about on this show is hydration
Yeah, that's true. You're you know, you're right. I'm so sorry, but I didn't mean it
Drink water all the water you drink. Don't pee until you get on the floor. I
Thought that in silver linings playbook. They were both in they were both so dry
At the big scene in the em, we're like time to win the dance contest and they do win it but they're dry
This is our third one that we have ruined you must stop
Hey, you ruined Star Wars Casey at the bat silver linings playbook
We you know, it does this fucking right dirty dancing at the end when he's doing
Sweaty as hell and that's such a good work. That's the call it sweaty dancing dirt is the man
What you see that room and you're like that man brought the humid in with him. I
Think that a lot of people get yearbook quotes from this show and that's fine
And if you do want to use the dirt is the man wet for that to let people do
Yeah, your help yourself and your principal's gonna call you and be like
What's this me? I'm not saying you leave out
Letters, is there conjunction that should be in there? What's happening be like you obviously don't know how to dance
Yeah, man, and he's like, oh, yeah, and then challenges you right then and there but he's gonna be so dry
Cuz he doesn't fucking know if he knew he would know what the dirt is the man wet means Kevin Bacon's bringing the man wet
Too. Yeah, Kevin Bacon bring and I'm not just talking about footloose. He brings it in tremors to
Lesser-known dancing movie, but that's just the climate. Yeah. Well, no
Climate it was the being afraid of big worms
That makes that that man wet also he would be terrified of Casey at the bat. It's not the it's just the tremors
He's afraid it's not the heat. It's the monster. Yeah, that's true
Foo-foo-foo
Do we want to do another if we've been really zooming through these I love these I've never done all the I want to do
No, let's do it a while back. I was a member of a fan forum for a show we get it
Yeah, okay, you don't have to play coy with us. You used to like our show enough to be on a fan
I don't think that's it. Keep going. The rest of this question might rule us out. Who knows though?
I was chatting with the other forum members about how much I love the beautiful dark green
iridescent suit that one of the
every recording
That they went out of the blue
One of the other members of the forum offered to give me an identical waistcoat from their closet that they need to get rid of
At the time I declined because I didn't know them very well
But now I'm starting to get into wearing gothic style clothes and that waistcoat is really looking really tempting
The only problem is it's been over years since they offered
Should I reach out to them see if they still have it or have I waited too long and lost my chance at having a sick
Ass beetle vest. Okay, so that changes it at the end there, doesn't it? Because I'm my I would not describe
I would not describe my dark green iridescent suit that I wear every recording as a beetle vest. Oh
Travis I feel like you've got the highest likelihood of knowing what this person is different. I'm trying to pull it, right?
I'm thinking it's big bad beetle borgs. I mean can't be that
Wait, were you listing things you wanted to rule out?
No
Tell me why it can't be big bad beetle borgs
If I'm writing into my brother my brother me and I have a question that I I'm gonna take to them
Yeah
And I do have a way of and I want to make sure this and this gets answered and I have the ability to tie it
into big bad beetle borgs and thereby
Guarantee, yes my participation in the program. I'm going and that's like we don't can't be big
We don't do roommate questions or anything anymore
But if somebody was like my fucking roommate stole my stole my potato chips again
How do I make sure he doesn't steal my potato chips also big bad beetle borgs then guess what?
You're we are going to get into it
But please don't listen don't this is now we've said it the rule it's gone
But that that has been the truth for a long time. So it's I
Can't help with your question, but I can't help with the mystery
I love the dark green iridescent suit that one of the characters
Uh-huh, and it's a beetle vest. Well, it might not be an actual beetle
It might just be like iridescent and similar to a Beatles carapace
But they said that the person offered them a way who I bet I bet it's arrow
Arrow I bet it's arrow
Arrow have a waistcoat. Oh, I got a look now, but when I'm thinking dark green iridescent
arrow beetles
loves beetles
Arrow character suit very you guys know. Hey Griffin. What's a waistcoat? It's a western
Shit Travis shut up Griffin. What's a waistcoat? It's like what pirates wears. Yes
Griffin what's a waistcoat? Just describe a waistcoat for me
It's a coat that cinches around the waist and it's what's a pirate wears. Does it got sleeves? Yeah, it's a coat
Oh my god. No, it's a vest. It's a vest a waistcoat. Well, then they should fucking call it that
Did you know I just learned this like just I was fun
So me and Justin were both dum-dums, but Justin educated himself and then thought he would turn
No, no. No, I just want to see I'm admitting to my ignorance. I'm not like I'm not
I you didn't you didn't let me quiz you so let me quiz you on some shit that both of us don't know
But I'm gonna Google real quick
You guys didn't know
This is really embarrassing
You know, what's funny is the capital of Arkansas and a lot of people thought and Justin. What do you real quick?
What do you think the capital of Arkansas is?
Little rock
That's actually try different right there from a Griffin I'll try a different city if you want about like animals
I'm over here trying to Google beetle-colored vest. Yeah, I need you guys
Googling is the capital of
a fucking Wyoming because I know it I
Mean, I don't know it. But what do you know? Oh, you do. Oh, you don't know
What is it Justin you say it now quick before you shy and Google that you that what I go
Fuck that one. I had to Google that one. I had to it's gotta be arrow
It's gotta be error. I'm not finding a lot of pictures of him in a suit though
I mean you wouldn't order that you just need it in a vest just need arrow
green vest here is this as green now he said, okay, but wait if they said is a vest that one of the characters wears
That tells me that it's like a uniform. This is their costume, right? It's not just like
They don't say sometimes where they say all the times where it's all the time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Okay, and it's gotta be sure the fan form beautiful target. See that's what's making me thing
Yeah, nobody cares. Nobody gives a shit about arrow. That is not true. Griffin. I've never made buddy who's like love
You gotta be watching then you need to get your fucking shit together, bro
At the first comic-con I ever went to I thought I would be trampled until dead by air by real arrowheads
Yes, that is what we call ourselves
Somebody yelled some I was chilling and I was like looking at Pokemon cards and somebody's like so fucking arrow
And then all of it was like a herd of wildebeest
Gotha style set upon me. It might if it's a gothic style. You're a distant green vest. It might be
Arrow. Something supernatural, but I don't I don't I can't picture it
Okay. Hmm. Does anybody on
Riverdale wear vests. Don't watch Riverdale. It doesn't have a you don't have to watch Riverdale to Google Riverdale vest
I'm just I want you to know if it's not detective plus weird consultant. I don't watch it Justin
if it's not Lucifer or
Numbers or mentalist or monk or psych or lie to me. I found it. What is it?
What is it? Jughead wears the power vest
Jughead wears a power vest. Jughead wears the power vest
Jug like Jughead vest
Jughead wears the power vest when they are like doing when they're like trying to find out who the criminal is. Jug
Head, where's the power Justin?
Please tell me you know the weird shit that happens in that TV show. It's off the rails
It's what I have said was clearly a joke, but also like wilder shit hath happened
Um, yeah, but Jughead Jughead does have the power vest and that's what he wears to go fast. I
Love that bit when he's like gotta go fast
And he zooms away and everyone's like whoa and then he zooms back cuz he forgot all of his cheeseburgers I
Googled characters who wear vests. That was a mistake that was I'm looking at now. It's a lad in it said
Jughead and in parentheses power vest wearer and then arrow so it's one of those three
Yeah, there's a lot of vests in popular culture really yeah interesting like
Wait a minute. Is it the from is it?
somebody from Naruto
Naruto wear a vest
the waist cut this is what's problematic about this is that
Well one it's not entertaining. But the second thing is that
Maybe it's outlander seems like people are whoa
Outlander, it's probably outlander. In fact, let's just assume it's let's just call it for outlander. Oh, yeah
Joker it's gotta be joke then what's the what's the TV show Justin?
Joker's wild
Yeah, you got me
Yeah, you know what there was that crossover event outlander big bad beetleborgs
Where they travel back in time and they're like you want a shag, baby
And then she's like, yeah
But then the big bad beetleborgs show up with their crazy genie ghost and I remember that you better not that was basically
Jay Leno
Yeah, thank you. Yeah. I mean everybody knows that yeah
But I guess it is important if you don't know that that the genie was Jay Leno to know that they hate sex
And so they show up time travel. They go back in time. They say you better not
It is weird how much they brought up abstinence on that show and not just like premarital as it is just like forever
Yeah, the biggest baddest beagle beagle Borg is
Abstinence that's where the beetleborgs power came from. Yes the the cages around their genitals
Yeah, man for sure. Definitely
That was rarely talked about except on the fan forums, oh
What about the boys the boys?
Wait a minute. No, wait, it's got to be the boys or Loki. Oh, I bet it's Loki. It's got to be Loki
It's got to be low because the boys if you're talking about the Aquaman, dude, the Aquaman
I wouldn't call that a waste. That's not very gothic though, but Loki for sure
Loki. All right. Hey gosh, I love this
They would have said Loki. This is clearly something they're deeply ashamed of the same. Yeah, there is shame there. We like Loki
We hate beetleborgs
Don't even email us about the beetleborgs. We hate those abstinent freaks
Please write in
That wasn't what the vest is from so we could die
Justin you're saying Loki
Travis no, I want to say the boys. I'm gonna say the boys. I'm saying Loki. Loki feels right. Okay
I'm gonna say
Oh, but wait a minute
The clue of gothic style. Yeah. Yeah
We've ignored that Loki doesn't have a gothic style and I wouldn't say that when he's wearing the president Loki outfit
You know when it's not it's not like a beetle at all. It's just green
I'm gonna say Samurai Pizza Cats and leave it there. Okay
Thank you so much for listening to our podcast if you can help us
This is all that I care about it
We're also recording this a week ahead of time and don't think I won't be thinking about it for an entire week
We're not gonna get any any sort of
That's probably this episode early so I can yeah, there's gotta be early I have to have it a I mean Ozark
I mean, I literally just found a listing for Loki necessary evil gothic vest
Why necessary I don't know what that part's about but the gothic vest it's right there
Okay. Thank you for thank you for listening
Please email if you can help. I
I don't normally do that, but I also don't read our email. So I'm feeling pretty confident about it right now
Thanks to everybody that has listened to our show for ten years. That's cool. Thank you
We're recording this early. So if there's like some funny fast-food thing that happened in the past week and you're like, why didn't they?
I'll get you next time
No big deal. I also know we
We've got a live show to her coming up in June
June 17th through the 19th
We're doing an adventure zone and an nbmb am in
Boston on the 17th and 18th and we'll be doing another nbmb am and mash and tuck it on the 19th
Get those tickets as well as tickets for our Salt Lake City show Portland show San Diego, Washington
Detroit and Cincinnati shows at bit.ly slash McElroy tours
They're super fun and we love doing those live shows and we hope to see you there
Mask and proof of full vaccination or negative kovat tests within 72 hours of event start is required
Dad's got Goldie's guide to grandchilding. It's out now go get it
It's really good and really cute and you and your kids or any kid in your life is gonna love it
It's at link tree young at heart. Okay, L I in
ktr.ee slash Goldie's guide
We got new merch coming out this Wednesday. We got a Count Donut pin designed by Kevin Budnick
We've got a Taz sticker sheet designed by Lynn Doyle
We've got 10% of all proceeds this month go to fairness
West Virginia of the statewide civil rights advocacy organization dedicated to fair treatment and civil rights for lesbian gay bisexual and transgender
West Virginians so go check out all that new stuff and all the cool stuff that's already on there
McElroy merch calm. Hey, thanks to Montaigne for these four theme song
My life is better with you got a new single coming out that Montaigne. Oh
Yeah, you should you should just go listen all the Montaigne's music. She's been really cranking out some real jammers
And you're gonna really shake shake your booty to them and Griff, you know what I mean? I do
I need that Tom Hiddleston
Impression from you. Okay to close this out. Sure. Who is that?
Loki
He is the remember we saw him one time walking out of a party that we were going to go into
Oh, you're right out of my life. Okay, I'll say what he I'll say what he said then when we saw him walking
Okay, yes, please this car. Okay
Where's my fucking spaghetti
My name is Justin McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy. It's been my brother my brother may kiss your dad square on the lips
Better it's better
You Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported